        Given the current data, the only two drugs that led to the decrease in tumor size volume over a period of 45 days are Capomulin and 
    Ramicane. The tumor size under the treatment of all the other drugs grew over time, including the placebo treatment, as seen as the first 
    line graph and the final summary bar graph. In fact, some of the drugs led to tumor sizes that are on average larger than those of the 
    placebo treatment, most notably Ketapril. Further testing is needed to confirm whether this increase in tumor size in certain drugs 
    (Ketapril, Naftisol, Stelasyn) is significant and whether these drugs do indeed cause tumor growth compared to the placebo. Likewise, there 
    are some drugs (Ceftamin, Infubinol, Propriva, Zoniferol) that did not decrease tumor sizes, but did lead to slower tumor growth in mice 
    compared to the placebo. It is possible that these drugs do indeed slow down the tumor growth rate, but it is difficult to confirm without 
    further data.

        While Capomulin and Ramicane were not able to eliminate metastasis completely in mice, according to the second line graph they were the
    most effective drugs in lessening the chance for metastasis, with Ramicane being more effective than Capomulin. Interestingly, with the 
    exception of Ketapril, all the drugs resulted in lower average number of metastatiic sites compared to the placebo despite the fact that 
    some of the drugs did result in larger tumor volume averages. It is possible that these drugs are more effective in preventing the spread 
    of cancer cells to other sites than preventing the growth of tumors.

        Similarly, Capomulin and Ramicane were not able to prevent mortality in the mice, and had the highest survival rates compared to the 
    other drugs. In fact, there is a large gap between the survival rates of Capomulin and Ramicane and the other drugs, suggesting a 
    significant difference in mortality. Propriva resulted in the lowest survival percentage average despite not having the largest tumor 
    volume and growth and the largest number of metastasis sites. It is possible that there are other causes for mortality in the mice besides
    cancer- for example it is possible that Propriva causes fatal side effects in mice. Naftisol and Infubinol both also resulted in lower 
    survival percentages than the placebo even though they had lower average final number of metastsis sites than the placebo. 
    